Add note about use of `millis()` (#33)
esphome/developers.esphome.io: docs/contributing/code.md

- Components should **not** directly access other components -- for example, to publish to MQTT topics.
- Components are required to dump their configuration using `ESP_LOGCONFIG` in the `dump_config()` method. This method
  is used **exclusively** to **print values** determined during `setup()` -- nothing more.

> - If your component/platform needs to track time, use `App.get_loop_component_start_time()` instead of `millis()`.
>   Reading the hardware is slow; many components/platforms repeatedly checking the hardware slows down the main loop.
>   This method instead returns the start time of the current iteration of the main application loop, which is sufficient
>   for most time-tracking needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For time tracking, use `App.get_loop_component_start_time()` rather than `millis()`. Hardware time reads are slow,
  and repeated calls from multiple components degrade loop performance. The cached loop start time is sufficient for
  most timing needs.
  
  !!! warning "Time Caching"
      The time is cached at the start of each loop iteration. For long-running operations, you may need to call
      `millis()` to get fresh values. However, if your code runs long enough to need fresh time readings, consider
      breaking it into smaller operations to avoid blocking the main loop.
```

Reviewer: That formatted poorly.. let me try again

Reviewer: <img width="746" alt="Screenshot 2025-05-19 at 1 09 20 AM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a1aa4b07-9e61-4cd1-a286-e24e519bf38f" />

- Components should **not** directly access other components -- for example, to publish to MQTT topics.
- Components are required to dump their configuration using `ESP_LOGCONFIG` in the `dump_config()` method. This method
  is used **exclusively** to **print values** determined during `setup()` -- nothing more.

> - For time tracking, use `App.get_loop_component_start_time()` rather than `millis()`. Hardware time reads are slow

Reviewer 2: :apiref: to 
https://esphome.io/api/classesphome_1_1_application (or exact App.get_loop_component_start_time member)?

Author: Jesse is working on moving the doxygen pages away from esphome.io and over to this domain. We can/should add this after that work is done.

Reviewer 2: > Jesse is working on moving the doxygen pages away from esphome.io and over to this domain. 

Didn't know that. I agree, it can be updated later then.
